Removes `expansionMap`. (#26)
digitalbazaar/ed25519-signature-2020: CHANGELOG.md

# @digitalbazaar/ed25519-signature-2020 Changelog

> ## 6.0.0 - 2023-TBD

Reviewer: We actually already removed support for `expansionMap` in version 5.0 by requiring the use of `jsonld-signatures@11`, so we don't need to list this as a breaking change. It's just clean up -- `expansionMap` already has no effect.

```suggestion
## 5.2.0 - 2023-TBD
```

Author: Updated [75c4354](https://github.com/digitalbazaar/ed25519-signature-2020/pull/26/commits/75c43540647f1461ae61e0e3d5277fd39dd7ca98)

### Changed

> - **BREAKING**: Remove support for `expansionMap` from `matchProof()`.
>   (Removed in `jsonld-signatures@11`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove unused `expansionMap` from `matchProof()` as it was removed
  from `jsonld-signatures@11` which is required since version `5.0`.
```

Author: Updated here [75c4354](https://github.com/digitalbazaar/ed25519-signature-2020/pull/26/commits/75c43540647f1461ae61e0e3d5277fd39dd7ca98)
